{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\fromtext \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss Arial;}
{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\uc1\pard\plain\deftab360 \f0\fs20 Here are the stats from the Caffee guy, nadda. \par
\par
Solomon Foshko\par
Strategic Forecasting, Inc.\par
Stratfor Customer Service\par
T: 512.744.4089\par
F: 512.744.4334\par
Solomon.Foshko@stratfor.com\par
www.stratfor.com\par
\par
\par
Get Free Time on Your Subscription with Stratfor's New Referral Rewards\par
Program!  Ask me how you can have extra days, months or years added to your\par
subscription with Stratfor's new Referral Rewards Program!  Or find out at\par
www.stratfor.com/referral. \par
\par
\par
-----Original Message-----\par
From: Michael Mooney [mailto:mooney@stratfor.com] \par
Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2007 10:45 AM\par
To: Solomon Foshko\par
Subject: Re: FW: unsubscribe--e-mail\par
\par
nothing there, can't even find it in the database as an account with no\par
subscriptions.\par
\par
Solomon Foshko wrote:\par
>\par
> Hey Mike can you pull the stats on this subscriber...\par
> rhcbonitabay@webtv.net <mailto:rhcbonitabay@webtv.net>\par
>\par
>  \par
>\par
> Thanks,\par
>\par
>  \par
>\par
> Solomon Foshko\par
> **Strategic Forecasting, Inc.***\par
> **Stratfor Customer Service***\par
> T: 512.744.4089\par
> F: 512.744.4334\par
> Solomon.Foshko@stratfor.com <mailto:Solomon.Foshko@stratfor.com>\par
> www.stratfor.com <http://www.stratfor.com/>\par
>\par
>\par
> Get Free Time on Your Subscription with Stratfor's New Referral Rewards\par
> Program!  Ask me how you can have extra days, months or years added to\par
> your\par
> subscription with Stratfor's new Referral Rewards Program!  Or find out at\par
> www.stratfor.com/referral <http://www.stratfor.com/referral>.\par
>\par
> -----Original Message-----\par
> *From:* Stratfor Customer Service [mailto:service@stratfor.com]\par
> *Sent:* Tuesday, March 20, 2007 3:28 PM\par
> *To:* Hunter Caffee\par
> *Subject:* Re: unsubscribe--e-mail\par
>\par
>  \par
>\par
> Dear Mr. Caffee,\par
>\par
> I have asked our IT Dept to pull your name from our distribution list\par
> as well as terminated your account with Stratfor. This is the first\par
> time I have seen your email and I apologize that you have attempted\par
> many times to unsubscribe and have been unsuccessful. If possible can\par
> you forward me the previous emails you have sent as an attachment so\par
> that I can trace the mail headers.\par
>\par
> Thank you very much,\par
>\par
> Solomon Foshko\par
> *Strategic Forecasting, Inc.\par
> *Stratfor Customer Service\par
> T: 512.744.4089\par
> F: 512.744.4334\par
> Solomon.Foshko@stratfor.com\par
> www.stratfor.com\par
>\par
>  \par
> *Get Free Time on Your Subscription with Stratfor's New Referral Rewards\par
> Program! *Ask me how you can have extra days, months or years added to\par
> your\par
> subscription with Stratfor's new Referral Rewards Program!  Or find out at\par
> www.stratfor.com/referral.\par
>\par
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
>\par
> *From: *Hunter Caffee <rhcbonitabay@webtv.net>\par
> *Date: *Tue, 20 Mar 2007 20:07:54 GMT\par
> *To: *<service@stratfor.com>\par
> *Subject: *unsubscribe--e-mail\par
>\par
> rhcbonitabay@webtv.net. This is the seventh time I have attempted to\par
> unsubscribe. If you do not unsubscribe me this time I will file a\par
> complaint against you with the FCC. If that doesn't work I am going to\par
> file a harrassment suit against you.  HunterCaffee           \par
>                                   \par
>\par
}